{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cbpat2\qj\cf1\f0\fs18 What is the result of compiling and running the following code? \line\line\f1\fs20 interface Inter\{ \par
void g(); \cf0\f2\fs24\par
\cf1\f1\fs20\} \line abstract class SuperTest implements Inter\{ \par
private void f()\{ \par
System.out.print("Super"); \par
\} \par
\} \par
class Test extends SuperTest\{ \par
void g()\{ \par
System.out.print("g"); \par
\} \par
void f()\{ \par
System.out.print("Sub"); \par
\} \par
public static void main(String args[])\{ \par
Test t=new Test(); \par
t.f(); \par
t.g(); \par
\} \par
\} \f0\fs18 Choices: \par
A. Code does not compile because class Test attempts to override a private method. \par
B. Code does not compile because class SuperTest does not implement the method g(). \par
C. Code compiles fine and prints Subg. \par
D. None of the above \par
\par
\pard\cbpat2\sa150\qj Correct Choice: D \par
\pard\cbpat2\qj\f1\fs20\par
\pard\sa200\cf0\f3\fs22 2 Which  statement is true?\par
A   Has-a relationship always relay on inheritance.\par
B  Has-a relationship always relay on instance variables\par
C Has-a relationship always requires atleast two classes\par
D Has-a relationship always relay on polymoephisam\par
E Has-a relationship always tightly coupled\par
Ans BGiven :\par
\par
3 Class clider\{\par
\par
Public final void flipper()\par
\{System.out.println(\ldblquote Clidder\rdblquote );\par
\}\par
Public class Clidlets extends Clidders\{\par
Public void flipper()\{System.out.println(\ldblquote Flipper Clidlet\rdblquote );\par
Super.flipper();\par
\}\par
Public static void main(String [] args)\par
\{\par
new Clidlets.flipper()\par
\}\}\par
What is the result\par
A Flip a clidlet\par
B Flip a Clidder\par
C Flip a Clidder Flip a clidlet\par
D Flip a clidlet Flip a Clidder\par
E compilation fails\par
Ans EGive \par
4   Class Top\par
\{public Top(String s)\{System.out.println(\ldblquote B\rdblquote );\}\par
\}\par
Public class Bottom2 extends Top\{\par
Public Bottom2(String s)\{ System.out.println(\ldblquote D\rdblquote );\}\par
Public static void main(String args[])\par
\{new Bottom2(\ldblquote C\rdblquote );\par
System.out.println(\ldblquote\rdblquote );\par
\}\}\par
What is the result?\par
A BD\par
B DB\par
C BCD\par
D DBC\par
E compilation fails.\par
Ans E\par
5 class Plant\{\par
String getName()\par
\{return "plant";\}\par
plant getType()\par
\{return this;\}\par
\}\par
class Flower extends Plant\{\par
//insert code here\par
\}\par
class Tulip extends Flower\{\}\par
which statement insert to compile?\par
A Flower getType()\{return this;\}\par
B String getType()\{return "this";\}\par
C Plant getType()\{return "this";\}\par
D Tulip getTYpe()\{return new Flower();\}\f2\par
\f3 Ans A\par
6 class zing\{\par
protected Hmpf h;\par
\}\par
class Woop extends Zing\{\}\par
class Hmpf\{\}\par
\par
which is true?\par
A Woop is-a Hmpf and has-a Zing.\par
B Zing is-a Woop and has-a Hmpf\par
C Hmpf has-a Woop and Woop is-a Zing\par
D Woop has-a Hmpf and Woop is-a Zing\par
E Zing has-a H,pf and Zing is-a Woop.\par
Ans D\par
7     Which method names follow the JavaBean standard?\par
A addSize\par
B getnumber\par
C delateNum\par
D isColorado\par
E putDimensions\par
Ans D\par
8 Given \par
class Voop\{\par
public static void main(String []args)\{\par
doSuff(1);\par
doStuff(2,3,4);\par
\}\par
//insert code\par
\}\par
\par
8  public class Certkiller implement Runnable\{\par
public void run()\{\par
Syatem.out.print("Running");\par
\}\par
public static void main(String args[])\{\par
Thread t= new Thread(new Certkiller());\par
t.run();\par
t.run();\par
t.starrt();\par
\}\par
\}\par
what is the result\par
A Running\par
B compilation fails\par
C Runtime Error\par
D prints RunningRunning\par
E prints RunningRunningRunning\par
Ans E\par
9 Which declares a n abstract class?\par
A public abstract class  Canine\{public Bark speak();\}\par
B public abstract class Canine \{public Bark speak()\{\} \}\par
C public class  Canine\{public Bark speak();\}\par
D public class  Canine abstract \{public abstract Bark speak();\}\par
E  public class  Canine abstract \{public abstarct Bark speak()\{\} \}\par
\par
Ans  \b B\par
10 \b0 class Dog \{\}\par
class Beagle extends Dog\{\}\par
class Kennel\{\par
public static void main(String args[])\{\par
Beagle b1= new Beagle();\par
Dog d1= new Dog();\par
Dog d2=b1;\par
//insert code\par
\}\par
\}\par
Insert a suitable code\par
A Beagle b2=(Beagle)d1;\par
B Beagle b3=d2;\par
C Beagle b4=d2;\par
D Dog d2= b1;\par
E None of these\par
Ans A\par
\par
11 class CardBoard\{\par
short story =5;\par
CardBoard go(CardBoard cb)\{\par
cb=null;\par
return cb;\par
\}\par
public static void main(String args[])\{\par
CardBoard c1=new CardBoard();\par
CardBoard c2=new CardBoard();\par
CardBoard c3=c1.go(c2);\par
c1=null;\par
\}\}\par
At the end of main how many objects are eligible for GC?\par
A 1\par
B 0\par
C 2\par
D compilation fails\par
E Exception at Runtime\par
Ans C\par
12  Which is represented in a UML class diagram?\par
A ways to test an application\par
B operations of classes and interface\par
C relationship between classes and functions\par
D the interaction between ojects in sequential order\par
E All of the above \par
Ans B\par
13 which is a benefit of Swing Clients?\par
A They are easier to deploy than thin clients.\par
B They can be Used without a JRE on the client\par
C They are more universally supported by browsers than thin clients.\par
D They can provide a richer graphical user interface experience than thin client\par
E None of the above\par
\par
Ans D\par
14  A developer  must implement a "shopping cart " for a web-based application. The shopping cart must be able to maintain the state of the catr, but the state is not stored persistently. which J2EE technology is suited to this global?\par
A JMS\par
B JAX-RPC\par
C enity beans\par
D stateful session beans\par
E stateless session Beans\par
Ans D\par
15 which is a requirement to use applets in a web browser?\par
A A web container must be installed at the server\par
B The java plug-in must be installed at the server\par
C Java compiler must be installed at the server\par
D JRE must be installed at the client\par
E Java compiler must be installed at the client\par
Ans D\par
16 Which is true?\par
A Class that extends another class CANNOT be well encapsulated.\par
B Polymorphiam only applies when one class encapsulates another.\par
C A class with a public instance variable CANNOT be well encapsulated.\par
D A class with a private instance variable CANNOT be well encapsulated.\par
E Class that extends another an abstract class CANNOT be well encapsulated.\par
Ans C\par
17 which technology provides a unified interface to multiple naming and directory services?\par
A JNI\par
B EJB\par
C JNDI\par
D JDBC\par
E JavaMail\par
Ans C\par
18 Which is an advantage f applets over HTML and JavaScript clients?\par
A Applets are more widely supported by browsers\par
B Applets are downloaded more quickly to the client.\par
C Applets can be use a wider variety of UI cmponent.\par
D In their default state  applets heva access to the client's computer\par
E Applets are light weigjt components\par
\par
Ans C\par
19 which two are true ?\par
A J2EE includes the MIDP API.\par
B J2EE aplication developers need J2SE\par
C J2EE includes servlet  API only\par
D J2EE applications depend on web servers.\par
E J2EE runs on consumer and embedded devices.\par
Ans B\par
 20 Which option will correctly initilize the property com.example.property to someValue when invoking java?\par
A -Pproperty,someValue\par
B com.example.property=someValue\par
C -Dcom.example.property=someValue\par
D -Pcom.example.property.someValue\par
E -P com.example .property someValue\par
Ans C\par
21 Given \par
Class Test\{\par
public static void main(String arg[])\{\par
String str=new String("Welcome");\par
//insert code\par
\}\}\par
which produce the output true\par
A System.out.println(str.trim());\par
B System.out.println(str.indexOf(1));\par
C System.out.println(str.indexOf("W"));\par
D System.out.println(str.startswith("W"));\par
E System.out.println(str.startswith('W'));\par
Ans D\par
22 Which above a client's environment can be determined by an applet ?\par
A type of web server\par
B type of web browser\par
C version of JVM\par
D type of web container\par
E all the above\par
\par
Ans  B\par
23 publi class Employee\{\par
public String name;\par
//insert code\par
public String getName()\{\par
return name;\par
\}\par
public int getSalary()\{\par
return salary;\par
\}\par
\}\par
Which when inserted at line allows another class to get the value of the salary variable,but NOT change the valu of salary variable?\par
A publc int salary\par
B secure int salary\par
c hidden int salary\par
DPrivate int Salary\par
E readOnly int salary\par
Ans D\par
24 Which one is true about HTML\par
A HTML is an object oriented programing language\par
B HTML document cannot be browse by a text editor\par
C HTML  cannot  set  up hypertext links between documents\par
D HTML uses tage to structure text into headings, paragraph and lists.\par
E HTML is a server side script.\par
Ans D\par
25 which package contains classes used to cerate data collections such as maps or queues?\par
A java.io\par
B java.net\par
C java.awt\par
D java.util\par
E java.lang\par
Ans D\par
26 Which is a benefit of servlet?\par
A They  represents data in a persistent store.\par
B Their lifecycles are managed by the container.\par
C They allow you to embed java code in HTML\par
D They can produce static content in response to web client requests.\par
E They are html files\par
Ans B\par
27 which is a feature of JNDI?\par
A an interface to search for oblects using attributes\par
B connectivity to database and other tabular data sources\par
c a defined common set of messaging concept and programming strategies.\par
D an interface to store and retieve named java object of any type.\par
E automaticly connect to a database\par
Ans A\par
\pard 28 Which is not a primitive data type in java\par
A int\par
B Char\par
C boolean\par
D byte\par
E String \par
Ans E\par
\par
29 A java programmer wants to develope a small application to run on mobile phones. which java edition is required to develop application ?\par
A only J2SE\par
B only J2EE\par
C only J2ME\par
D J2SE and J2EE\par
E J2SE and J2ME\par
\par
Ans E\par
30  Which one compile without error ?\par
A     String s="Hello"\par
B      String  s='Hello'\par
C       String  s="Hello","","World"\par
D     String  s="Hello"-"World"\par
E      String  s=new String('Hello');\par
Ans  A\par
\par
31  Given  String s= "  abcdcba ";\par
int x=2;\par
s=s.trim();\par
if(s.length()<8)\{\par
x=s.indexOf('c',3);\par
\}\par
System.out.println("X="+x);\par
\par
what is the output?\par
A x=2\par
B x=3\par
c x=4\par
D x=5\par
E x=6\par
Ans  C\par
\par
32 Which statement is true?\par
\par
A the JMS API is located in the java.jms package\par
B JMS provide interfave to naming and directory services\par
C JMS enables ab applicationto provide flexible,asynchronous data exchange.\par
D JMS enablean application to provide tightly coupled distributed  communication\par
E  A,B,D are true\par
\par
Ans C \par
33 Given class B\{\}\par
which demonstrates inheritance?\par
A class A this B\{\}\par
B class A super B\{\}\par
C class A extends B\{\}\par
D class A implements B\{\}\par
E class A inherit B\{\}\par
\par
Ans C\par
\par
34 Whichis a benefit of JSP technology?\par
\par
A portability to any HTTP server\par
B simplified Swing GUI development\par
C separation of dynamic and static content\par
D separation of sevlet without html\par
E coding is simple\par
\par
Ans  C\par
35 Which is true?\par
A Javascript is the standard J@SE scripting language.\par
B Javascript includes built-in libraries for involing methods.\par
C javascript can be used as a server side script.\par
D javascript can only used in browsers that have the java plug-in installed\par
E javascript can be used to validate form inputs before they are sent to server\par
\par
\f4\fs20 Ans E\par
\par
36 what is true about javascript client?\par
A They support all standard J2SE syntax\par
B They must be hosted by J2EE containers.\par
C They cannot write to the client's hard drive.\par
D They equire java web start technology to be deployed.\par
E Javascript is used by EJB container\par
\par
Ans C\par
\par
37 which statement about thread in java fails?\par
A thread is a special type of method\par
B The synchronizied keyword is used to lock objects\par
C Thread whose execution has completed is no longer runnable.\par
D Threads wait to be executed are generally chosen fr execution based on priority.\par
E Therad waits when run method called \par
\par
Ans A\par
\par
38 which is associated with the business tier in a J2EE web-based application?\par
A JSP\par
B JDBC\par
C Applet\par
D Servlet\par
E Swing\par
\par
Ans B\par
\par
39  Which is true about RMI?\par
\par
A RMI is used to create thin web clients\par
B RMI allows objects to be sent from one computer to another\par
C RMI is the java API used for executing quries on a database\par
D RMI is used to develope applications for wireless mobile devices\par
E RMI is the transport protocol used by web servers and browsers\par
\par
Ans B\par
\par
40 What is the correct name for J2EE?\par
\par
A Java 2 Platform ,Enterprise Edition\par
B Java 2 Package ,Enterprise Edition\par
 C Java 2 Platform ,Enterprise Environment\par
D Java 2 Package ,Enterprise Environment\par
E Java 2 Package ,Enterprise Edition\par
\par
Ans  A\par
\par
41 Class Test\{\par
public staic void main(String args[])\{\par
String s="Hello";\par
s=s.replace("Bye");\par
System.out.println("S"+s);\par
\}\par
\}\par
\par
What is the output\par
A S Bye\par
B S Byelo\par
C S HeBye\par
D compilation fails\par
E S Hello\par
\par
Ans D\par
\par
42 which is true?\par
\par
A  All JDBC Drivers are pure java\par
B The JDBC API is included in J2SE\par
C The JDBC API is an extension of the ODBC API\par
D JDBC is used to connect to MOM products\par
E JDBC drivers are API s\par
\par
Ans B\par
\par
43  Which is an appropriate descroption of session beans?\par
A They are used to store persistent data\par
B They are used to share data among clients\par
C They are used to represent data in an RDBMS\par
D They are used to implements business process\par
E All of the above\par
\par
Ans D\par
\par
44 Which is a required to use applets in a web browsers?\par
\par
A  A web container must be installed at the server.\par
B The java plug  in must be installed on the servers\par
C The java compiler must be installed on the client\par
D The java Runtime Environment must be installed on the client\par
E The java Runtime Environment must be installed on the Server.\par
\par
Ans D\par
\par
45 Which is true?\par
A An abstract class can be extended by an interface\par
B An abstract class can implement an interface\par
C An interface can be extended by an abstract class\par
\par
D An interface cannot be extended by another interface\par
E An abstract class cannot be extended by an abstract class\par
\par
Ans A\par
\par
46  Which keyword is used o create an enumeration?\par
A enum\par
B ENUM\par
C const\par
D enumeration\par
E Enum\par
\par
Ans A\par
\par
47 which keyword supports looping?\par
\par
A if\par
B for\par
C switch\par
D break\par
E foreach\par
\par
Ans B\par
\par
48 Which is associated with the business tier in a J2EE web based application?\par
A JSP\par
B HTML\par
CServlet\par
D Entity Beans\par
E JDBC\par
\par
Ans D\par
\par
49 Which is true about javascript and HTML\par
\par
A JavaScript is part of the J2SE\par
B Javascript and HTML are NOT compiled\par
C javaScript code is always processed on the server, NOT on the client\par
\par
D javaScript is guaranteed to be portable across all browsers on platform\par
E JavaScript is a part os J2EE\par
\par
Ans B\par
\par
50 which Java technology uses standard mappings between Java classes and XML to support web services calls using the SOAP protocol?\par
\par
A EJB\par
B JSP\par
C JAXB\par
D JAX-RPC\par
E AJAX\par
\par
Ans D\par
\par
}
 